Improve Configuration Storage Locations (#14875)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/21_Deployment/03_Configuration_Environments.md

- Perspectives
- Custom views

The data of configurations are loaded from the container and if there is no data pimcore try to load it from `settings-store`

> You can change the write target individually for each type by using environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the write target individually for each type by using symfony configuration.
```
